fix/improve backward/forward compatibility for VM Backup and Restore (#731)
harvester/docs: versioned_docs/version-v1.4/advanced/addons/lvm-local-storage.md

  - **Provisioner**: Select **lvm.driver.harvesterhci.io**.
  - **Volume Snapshot Class Name**: Select **lvm-snapshot**.

  ![](/img/v1.2/advanced/csi-driver-config-external.png)

:::caution

> - Staring from **v1.4.2**, Harvester will block setting **Backup Volume Snapshot Class Name** for third-party storage, becuase except for **Longhorn V1 Data Engine**, **Backup** is not included in the CSI standard. There is no general way to have a remote backup for all kinds of storage providers.

Reviewer: - In Harvester **v1.4.2 and later versions**, the setting **Backup Volume Snapshot Class Name** cannot be used with external storage. Harvester is unable to create backups of volumes in external storage because the backup function is not included in the CSI standard and there is no way to create a remote backup for differing storage providers. Backup support in Harvester is limited to Longhorn V1 Data Engine volumes.

Reviewer: I added text to establish context better.

> - If the **VM Backup** with third-party storage was already created mistakenly before **v1.4.2**, Harvester will refuse to restore it, since the data never has a remote copy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Harvester is unable to restore virtual machine backups with external storage because the data does not have a remote copy.
```

> - Please refer to the following tickets for more details:
>   - https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/7316
>   - https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/7755
>   - https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/7737

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see issues [7316](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/7316), [7737](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/7737), and [7755](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/7755).
```
